Hello.
It's the 20th century.
It's the year 2020 and when
you're hearing this, it's
December 19th.
It's right here.
Right now.
This moment.
And we're entering the middle
of the solstice ceremony,
which means we're passing from
the past into the present,
and from light into darkness.
You might take a moment now in
this transition just to look
around your surroundings and
see if there's anything else
you might need for the rest of
the night.
Maybe you want to dim your main
lights.
Maybe you want to light candles
if you haven't already.
Maybe want to grab a glass of
water or hot chocolate.
You can go do that now, we'll
be here in a minute and you
won't miss much.
While some people are off doing
that,
I just wanted us to take a
moment to really be
here.
Together.
I know it's kind of tricky
because
you know for
for a lot of you I don't even
know where "here" is,
you could be listening to my
voice from a few blocks away
or a few timezones away.
But
but we are trying to be here
together.
We're trying to do this kind of
weird new ritual where we're
all staring into these glowing
rectangles and
I know it might be a little
hard to remember that the
people on the other side of
those rectangles - they're
they're real.
You might also notice you have
some habits regarding little
glowing rectangles. If things
get uncomfortable or there's
just a little logistical hiccup,
you
might get
pulled a little out of the
moment, you might find
yourself twitching your
fingers and then suddenly
you're on Facebook and
you're doing that instead of
being here with us and trying
to process difficult truths
about reality.
Now, obviously place your
attention where you want it,
but it's easy to
be on these rectangles and just
have our attention pulled
somewhere that we don't even
really want it.
So
something you might try, that
I'm going to try, is
you know, when you feel your
attention start to wander,
and you've so much affordance
just to
open up that tab,
just instead
maybe just
breathe.
You can take a breath.
And just focus your attention
on your body and
ask, what's it like to be you
right now?
Maybe you'll take a breath and
you'll focus your attention on
the other people on the screen
here and just spend a few
moments thinking,
oh man that tiny rectangular
window,
that's
connected through fibers and
internet to a person, and
they're alive right now,
thinking thoughts
and feeling feelings and
some of them might be people
you know, you can kind of
imagine the thoughts and
feelings and
some of them they might be
strangers, but they are the
sort of strangers who chose to
spend their evenings at this
event, together with us.
So as you breathe, maybe just
direct your attention to
what's it like to be them right
now?
And before we truly begin the
descent into darkness,
I want us to take a moment to
be here together and just take
7 deep breaths.
Thank you.